hi my name is Miguel from avoid errors
net and this tutorial I'll show you a
very easy way to move around your files
folders and images now for this you need
to download a registry script that will
allow you to show when you right click
on a folder this copy to folder and move
to folder and this is a really
convenient shortcut by default it
doesn't bring anything as you can see
here now go to the link that I have on
the description box and here scroll down
where it says download the registry
script click on it and save it in your
desktop select desktop and click on save
now this is the sip that I've just
downloaded I'm gonna right click and
extract the files here okay I have to
the copy to and the move too so I'm just
gonna double click the copy to register
script and then it says are you sure you
want to continue click yes and click ok
you have successfully added the registry
and then do the same to the move tool
are you sure you want to continue yes
and click OK
okay now I have successfully added those
to the right click now here it is copy
to folder and move to folder now let's
put it to the test now I want to copy
this folder to my documents all I need
to do is just select documents and click
copy done I don't have to open the two
folders and do a copy and paste and if I
go to my documents here it is really
simple to move right now I'm gonna close
here they say I want to move it I don't
want it in my desktop so I'm gonna do
the same right click move to folder and
select document and click move all since
I have a copy there it gave me the
overwrite so I'm gonna click yes to
overwrite and it moved the folder from
my desktop to my documents as you can
see here thank you for watching this
video my name is miguel feel free to
post any questions in my website the
link is on the description box thank you